Created Instant Logs page (#3248)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/logs/src/content/instant-logs.md

---
order: 115
pcx-content-type: concept
---

# Instant Logs

> Instant Logs allows Cloudflare Enterprise customers to access a live stream of the traffic for their domain on the Cloudflare dashboard. Seeing data in real time allows you to investigate an attack, troubleshoot, debug or test out changes made to your network. Instant Logs is lightweight, simple to use and does not require any additional setup.

Author: In a team critique, we decided to go with singular verb form for product names, even for plural nouns, like Logs or Instant Logs: https://wiki.cfops.it/display/Prod/Product+Name+and+Pluralization

## How to use Instant Logs

To use Instant Logs:

> 1. Log in to the Cloudflare dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).
```

1. Select the Enterprise domain you want to use with Instant Logs.

> 1. Go to **Analytics** > **Instant Logs**.

Reviewer: Where is this? I don't see this option in the dash

Author: This is not in production, you need to choose the burritobot to be able to see the option.

1. Click **Start streaming**.

> 1. Narrow down on events by adding filters. To add filters, click on **Add filters**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Add filters** to narrow down the events shown.
```

Reviewer: I think it's better to simplify the sentence. What do you think?

Author: I agree.

The filters you can add are **Firewall action matches**, **Country**, **Path**, **Status code**, **Client IP, Host**, **HTTP Method** and **Firewall Rule ID matches**. If you would like to see filtering on additional criteria, leave us feedback on the [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSduDhqhryhOYwUolDzXiLPNy5P07EY_abnYAFF_n7CRz4OzOQ/viewform) linked on the Instant Logs page.

Once a filter is selected and the stream has started, only log lines that match the filter criteria will appear. Filters are not applied retroactively to logs already showing in the dash.

## Datasets available

For the moment, HTTP is the only dataset available. In the future, we will expand to other datasets.  

## Exporting

> You can download the table of logs that appears in your dash using the **Export** button. The data will be downloaded in a JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the table of logs that appears in your dash using the **Export** button. The data will be downloaded in JSON format.
```

## Limits

> There are two limits set in place:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instant Logs have two limits set in place:
```

> * Only one active Instant Logs session per zone.
> * Maximum session time is 60 minutes.
> * If either of these limits are reached, the logs stream will automatically stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only one active Instant Logs session per zone.
* Maximum session time is 60 minutes.

If either of these limits are reached, the logs stream will automatically stop.
```

Reviewer: You had the explanation in the unordered list, which made it seem like it was a 3rd limit

## Connect with us

> Share your feedback with us by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.gg/h35x2dkuq8)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share your feedback with us by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.gg/h35x2dkuq8).
```

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to expand on this and tell customers what kind of feedback. the team wants.

Author: @tanushreesharma-cf Is there any particular type of feedback that we would like to have?
